enhance configuration (#12, #15) (#20)
TimonVS/pr-labeler-action: README.md

      - uses: TimonVS/pr-labeler-action@v3
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

>           CONFIG_FILENAME: ".github/pr-labeler.yml" # optional, .github/pr-labeler.yml is the default value

Reviewer: Instead of passing it as an env variable I'd like to use the `with` parameter (https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstepswith). 
We can also add validation for this in `action.yml`: https://help.github.com/en/articles/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions#inputs.

See actions/labeler for an example (https://github.com/actions/labeler/blob/master/src/main.ts#L9). We should also do the same for `GITHUB_TOKEN` but we can do that in another PR :)

You can use `*` as a wildcard for matching multiple branch names. See https://www.npmjs.com/package/matcher for more information about wildcard options.

### Default configuration

> When no custom configuration is set the following default configuration will be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When no configuration is provided, the following defaults will be used:
```
